README.md, before:

Shrtn.ly
============
## Overview
***
At AppCorp, we're trying to build our own url shortener.

**Here is how we wanted it to work.**

1. Go to the site and enter the url you want shortened
2. Shrtn gives back a shortened url and keeps a record
3. Shrtn url redirects you to original URL when used
4. Shrtn keeps track of number of times the link has been clicked

***

**But there seems to be some problems :(**

* URLs don't seem to be saving anymore
* Saved URLs don't always work

**We are hoping you can fix these issues and get Shrtn back to normal**

***

**New Functionality**

We know it's early to talk about new functionality since the app is broken, but if you have some time after fixing it we'd love to see:

* Better stack tracking per each link click (ip address, date, browser)
* A better design (so boring right now)
* Another fun feature of your choice

***

**Getting Started**

The goal of this test, is for you to fix an existing app and make it even better.  

The app is built using NodeJS, Express, Knockoutjs, HTML5 and CSS.  

We've provided a vagrant box for your convenience. Once you have [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/) and [node](http://nodejs.org/) installed, run:

vagrant up  
npm install  
npm start  

Once up visit ->  http://localhost:3000  

**MySQL Information**  
IP:192.168.61.101  
Port: 3306  
Username: shrtly_user  
Password: #sh1rtl3ss!

Commit message:

Adding more help to the readme

README.md, after:

Shrtn.ly
============
## Overview
***
At AppCorp, we're trying to build our own url shortener.

**Here is how we wanted it to work.**

1. Go to the site and enter the url you want shortened
2. Shrtn gives back a shortened url and keeps a record
3. Shrtn url redirects you to original URL when used
4. Shrtn keeps track of number of times the link has been clicked

***

**But there seems to be some problems :(**

* URLs don't seem to be saving anymore
* Saved URLs don't always work

**We are hoping you can fix these issues and get Shrtn back to normal**

***

**New Functionality**

We know it's early to talk about new functionality since the app is broken, but if you have some time after fixing it we'd love to see:

* Better stack tracking per each link click (ip address, date, browser)
* A better design (so boring right now)
* Another fun feature of your choice

***

**Getting Started**

The goal of this test, is for you to fix an existing app and make it even better.

The app is built using NodeJS, Express, Knockoutjs, HTML5 and CSS.

We've provided a vagrant box for your convenience. Once you have [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/) and [node](http://nodejs.org/) installed, run:

```
vagrant up
npm install
npm start
```

Once up visit -> http://localhost:3000 in your favorite browser

**Help**

If you make changes to the node app, you'll need to restart the server.

Should you need to connect directly to mysql, here are the credentials for the vagrant box:
```
IP: 192.168.61.101
Port: 3306
Username: shrtly_user
Password: #sh1rtl3ss!
```

If you have any questions or need more clarification, please don't hesitate to ask!
